docs/index.md, before:

# React Server Side Rendering With Nodejs

 - [How to setup and Run project](#how-to-setup-project)
 - [Folder structure](#folder-structure)
 - [How to build production build](#how-to-build-production-build)
 - [How to add page or route](#how-to-add-page-or-route)

## How To Setup Project
Note: Before setup of project please check node version should be 14.xx.
Steps:

 - Clone this repository on your local machine.
 - Run command `npm install`
 - To start project, Run command `npm start`

## Folder structure
```
├── build                                    # Compiled files
├── config                                   # configuration files related to webpack and build
├── src                                      # Source files
│   ├── core                                 # all common code will reside here
│   ├── pages                                # all routes/pages will reside here. Add new folder for every route
│   ├── ssr                                  # nodejs related code will reside here
│   └── app.tsx                              # main(start) component
└── README.md                                # documentation
```
## How to build production build

## How to add page or route
Steps:
 - Add new folder in `src/pages` then component for page
 - Add route in `src/routes.tsx`

Commit message:

Added PORT in env constant Added pm2 and config for production start Added support for production build to run on local machine added github pages used getRoute func to remove duplicay of code Moved HttpClient to core/services

docs/index.md, after:


# React Server Side Rendering With Nodejs

  These are following features out of box supported to reduce initial development time:
1.  Built on Typescript.
2.  Well documented.
3.  Used core modules(node and React) to develop this architecture. It means you will never be in a situation of not supporting things as most libraries fail when we get complex requirements from clients. As we all know libraries export config but what will happen if our requirement is unique and that requirement is not supported by library config and we already developed most of the project using library then we can say what a waste  😂.
4.  Production ready and implemented best performance setup to achieve better performance for SEO and google performance score.
5.  Out of box support for compression(brotli and gzip) to reduce the size of html as well as Javascript files. This will reduce the load of bandwidth of client as well as server. Will also increase google performance score.
6.  Out of box support for caching of static pages. Caching will enable us to serve static pages fast with less usage of server's ram and CPU.
7.  Out of box support for environment management. So developers don't need to configure it.
8.  Inbuilt support of proxy for API to solve CORS issue. This is the common issue in frontend development. No need for api server to enable cors in the dev as well as production environment.
9.  In-built support for HttpClient to send requests to API. These are following features already implemented in HttpClient:

	1. Support for custom server response.
	2.  Out of box support for Authorization of jwt token. In case of authentication, this architecture will automatically send Authorization header and will also handle refresh token case to generate new token and send back original request with new token.
	3. Support for checking if internet is not available. HttpClient will retry 3 times(configurable) after every 500ms*retry count.
	4. If API throws 5xx(server error), HttpClient will retry 3 times to get success response.
	5. Whatever structure API will follow. HttpClient will convert it into a custom structure that will be easy for frontend developers.
	6. Sometimes during development API is not available, then dev creates mock data. But creating only mock data will not help. Dev changes code and when api will be available then again dev changes code. To solve this problem, this architecture has an inbuilt node test server. Developers can create a mock api in just 2 min and frontend code will be the same. Most important production build is safe from these changes 🍻  
    This will also open the door of testing code for success and error cases of API. Now developers will not need to rely on API to test different cases of frontend.
10.  Out of box support for non SEO pages to render on client side only. SSR is only meant to be used for SEO. It's not a good idea to use server resources if it's not for SEO. This will enable frontend server to serve more requests and will save on server cost and bandwidth cost.
11.  Most features are configurable through json. But you can get this json data through api. If you get configuration through api then you can change configuration anytime and wow changed in production without sending production deployment. One more reason to have 🍻.

### Useful links:

 - [Getting Started](getting-started.md)
 - [How to add page/route](how-to-add-page-route.md)
 - [How to change port](how-to-change-port.md)
